Question 1:
Which parts of the stronger prompt make it Concise, Logical, and Explicit? Identify at least one
example for each part of CLEAR.
Clear: Clearly states the goal "Help me create a two page website about a topic I choose."

Logical: Instruction follow a logical order "First give me only a file/folder plan and a checklist"

Explicit: It gives specific requirements "one external stylesheet, relative links, an image with useful alt text, lists, an external link, a class, an ID, a descendant selector, link pseudo-classes, relative and absolute CSS units, float and clear, and one CSS custom property"

Question 2:
Why are Adaptive and Reflective different from simply adding more details to the first prompt?
They change how the system behaves


Question3:
Why should you understand a generated CSS rule before keeping it in your final submission?
-To avoid bad code and other mistakes.


Question 4:
What made this workflow more agentic than the earlier prompt that simply asked the AI to
generate index.html?


Question 5:
Why is Developer Tools useful even when an AI assistant can suggest CSS changes?
-Because Dev tools are temporary


Big Question:

What is generative AI, and how did you use it in this lab?
Generative AI is machine program that generates content. I used it to create a webpage.


What is agentic AI, and how is its goal different from simple content generation?


What does each letter in CLEAR stand for?
Concise, Logical, Explicit, Adaptive, Reflective.


How did your original prompt demonstrate the Concise part of CLEAR?
It was thorough in exactly what it wanted the Ai to provide.


How did your prompt demonstrate the Logical part of CLEAR?
It was written in a way that was easy to follow.


How did your prompt demonstrate the Explicit part of CLEAR?
Statements were made clearly.

Give one example of how you used the Adaptive part of CLEAR during the lab
By changing the image file pathway and altering colors.

.
What does the Reflective part of CLEAR ask you to do after receiving an AI response?
Evaluate it's output to make the next request better.


Why should you avoid accepting AI-generated HTML or CSS without reading it?
Ai often can make flawed or inefficient code.

How did Developer Tools help you inspect or test the webpage?
It allowed me to see how my code interacted in real time as an actual webpage rather than a preview.


Why should W3C validation still be used even if an AI assistant says the code is correct?
Of course, AI can and frequently does make mistakes.

Who is responsible for the correctness and quality of the final submitted website: the AI tool or
the student? Explain your answer

The student is ultimately responsible as AI can frequently make mistake and the student 